I made you pick me I liked your picture
well you have this sad look on your face
I feel sorry fee damn so what happens to
me did you think we were kind of happy
thanks no I thought we're gonna hang out
maybe get to know each other you
swerving a little bit back to hear you
going ask you to step out a vehicle for
me are you sure
just to get back in the car you're going
to jail too
[Music]
what do you want I want a ride of that
killer cop guilt it was self-defense
there is nothing back there for us
[Music]
really in the black bar in class
ain't gonna bin the world as long as my
lady remembers me fondly that's all I
need
can I be your legacy you already are
[Music]
I think the everything is destined